Disclaimer Last Updated: 3 November 2022

You are hereby made aware that the risk of loss in DeFi can be extremely high, particularly in the cross-chain environment in which Astrolab Finance operates. The delegated services with which Astrolab interacts include but are not limited to: The holding of crypto assets Trading on decentralized exchanges Staking platform and protocol tokens with or without time-lock Mining liquidity Lending Purchasing insurances Bridging funds from one network to another

Please note that this list will change subject to the rapidly evolving state of DeFi and other emerging protocols.

You should carefully consider whether delegating funds to the Astrolab Finance Protocol or whether buying Astrolab's governance token matches your risk profile and loss capacity. As with any asset, Astrolab's governance token, Astrolab's Crates and underlying DeFi protocols can appreciate or depreciate, and can lead to a substantial loss limited to the amount of funds you deposit. Therefore, you should not invest money that you cannot afford to lose. You should seek advice from a financial advisor if you are unclear about any matters. Astrolab does not provide any investment, legal or tax advice and does not assume any liability to third parties concerning the provision of advice or your transactions in and in connection with Astrolab.

You should ensure that your activities relating to Astrolab Finance comply with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements and restrictions you are legally required to abide by. By carrying out transactions in or in connection with Astrolab Finance and its Crates, you warrant that you are authorized to enter into the relevant transactions and that you are acting in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.

Astrolab as an organization and its team does not participate in, nor are they counterparties to Astrolab Finance’s transactions. Moreover, Astrolab does not provide any intermediary services in relation to such transactions and, specifically, does not act as broker, advisor, exchange, trading venue, clearer or custodian for any party. All transactions in or in connection with Astrolab Finance are carried out on a peer-to-pool basis (peer-to-peer relying on liquidity pools), using immutable smart contracts. This means that parties to the relevant transactions deal directly with each other and the Astrolab Crate’s underlying networks and protocols without Astrolab's involvement. Accordingly, the activities relating to Astrolab Finance are not subject to any regulatory licenses, permissions or authorizations.

Any transactions in or in connection with Astrolab Finance will not be within the scope of any investor compensation scheme or any complaints or ombudsman service. For the Avoidance of Doubt if you are a US person (as defined in the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) or a citizen or resident of Canada, Japan, South Korea, China or a member of currently, sanctioned OFAC countries including the Balkans, Belarus, Burma, Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast), Cuba, Democratic Republic of Congo, Iran, Iraq, Liberia, North Korea, Russian Federation, Sudan, Syria, and Zimbabwe, then you are not allowed access to Astrolab Finance's services or use Astrolab Finance’s protocol. The peer-to-pool transaction schema via smart contracts implies that users assume the risk of meeting local legal obligations as it pertains to counterparties in the country in which the user resides. Astrolab does not offer advisory, direct trade execution or direct clearing services. It has no oversight, involvement, or control with respect to the transactions you may enter into with counterparties through Astrolab Finance’s services or protocols.

Astrolab will never act as an advisor, broker, consultant, a direct derivatives counterparty, a direct clearing agent or direct custodian of customer funds. Astrolab Finance users remain sole custodian of the funds they deposit in Astrolab's crates, and are free to liquidate their positions at any time.

By accepting this disclaimer you are acknowledging the risks involved in interacting with advanced DeFi protocols in a cross-chain environment. You are also acknowledging that you, the user, and not Astrolab are solely responsible for any losses, financial or otherwise, as a result of using this service. Astrolab shall under no circumstances be liable for any lost deposits, lost profits, lost opportunities, misstatements, or errors contained within these pages. You also agree that Astrolab will not be held liable for data accuracy, technical issues (client-side, server-side, or blockchain-side) or any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, any or all of the materials published on Astrolab’s services (such as https://astrolab.fi).

You agree to hold Astrolab harmless for any act resulting directly or indirectly from its services, data, content, materials, associated pages and documents. The information in this document and all related Astrolab projects' documents and any and all information on Astrolab Finance is for information purposes only and does not constitute financial or technical advice or an inducement to purchase or sell any service or security (however defined under applicable law). Astrolab makes no warranties of any kind in relation to its content and services, including but not limited to accuracy, security, integrity and (financial or operational) performance of instruments (eg. Astrolab Finance's Crates) and investments. Any use of Astrolab Finance and its features and functionalities are solely at your own risk and discretion. You should always conduct your own research, review, analysis and verify the content of services before relying on or using them.
