# Introduction

# What is Astrolab Finance?

Astrolab Finance is a decentralized omnichain yield aggregator that allows its users to invest in pools located on multiple chains at once. The bridging is done automatically in an efficient manner, as well as the compounding of the interest. Astrolab helps you to allocate efficiently and safely your capital in a multichain defi environment.

Astrolab achieves this by leveraging state-of-the-art cross-chain messaging technologies, which allow defi protocols to communicate, even if they aren't on the same chain. Because everything is done on-chain in a decentralized way, users remain in full control of their capital and can invest and withdraw anytime they want, in a permissionless and trustless manner.

# Astrolab's Crates

Crates are the main product of Astrolab. They correspond to a pooled investment opportunity, where crypto tokens can be staked. Capital is then allocated on different chains and pools, to reduce volatility and improve potential yield, in the most cost and time-efficient possible way.

Astrolab's Crates are compounded automatically, and redeemable 100% of the time. After depositing their assets, users get a Crate Token, which acts like a proof-of-deposit, and which can be redeemed anytime for its underlying value. Crate tokens follow the ERC4626 standard and can be used as a collateral in other defi protocols by users who would like to improve their capital efficiency.

# What is $ASL?

$ASL is the protocol token for Astrolab Finance. **The $ASL token is used to secure the protocol and ensure the safety of the staked capital**. $ASL holders can select Crates and earn a share of the revenue generated by them, in exchange of insuring the funds secured in it. 

This mechanism creates a snowball effect, where $ASL holders help improve the safety of the protocol, while users get free insurance and lower risk profile for their investment. **Astrolab strongly believes that good governance comes with skin in the game and should align with the protocol's values - profitability and safety**.

