# Securing the protocol

### Context

Crates are Astrolab's investment vehicules. Users stake their assets in it, that get sent to pools on different chain, where they earn yield over time. Since capital is pooled accross different protocols, risk exists, even for the safest shops around. Lending platforms can have oracle or liquidation issues. Protocol owners' private keys can be lost, or a vulnerability can be exploited, and so on.

This risk reduces the protocol's AUM, as users arbitrage between the probability of loss of funds and the profitability of the protocol. Insurance plans exist, which is good, but they reduce the net yield generated, and do not cover all protocols.

### Shield-to-earn

Astrolab's tokenomics aims at solving this dilemna by incentivizing its members toward the safety of the protocol. Each Crate has a distinct pool where $ASL can be staked. **Stakers earn the fees generated by the Crate, and in exchange, they commit a share of their tokens in case of loss of the underlying assets of the crate**. The events covered are the following:
- Oracle malfunctionning
- Bad debt
- Bug, or malfunction of the Crate or the investment pool
- Theft of funds locked in the contract

What isn't covered:
- Loss of funds due to the user negligence (loss of Crate tokens, for instance)
- Chain-related problems (51% attacks, for instance)

Because Astrolab's Crates allocate funds between multiple protocols, the risk is lowered by diversification, meaning a 100% coverage isn't necessarly needed nor desirable. A share of the fees is directed toward a treasury of assets with high liquidity, like stablecoins, in order to complement the $ASL protection.

### Community involvement

This risk-sharing mechanism allows $ASL holders to arbitrage between the profits to be earned by securing a Crate and the risk associated, creating a natural risk-index for potential users of the Astorlab protocol. 

By making the community accountable for the safety of the protocol, there is a direct incentive to participate in its improvement. Members are able to audit contracts before they go live, select the underlying protocols, order external audits and choose auditors, thus preventing the dillution or responsibility that is prevalent in most DAOs. To foster activity, bounties and rewards are allocated to meaningful contributions.





